# RUBY ON RAILS CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Destroy)

## CRUD Routes
These are established in the specified controller for your object. In this case, we are working inside of `students_controller.rb`.
Examples are found below:

```ruby
def StudentsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @students = Student.all
  end

  def new
    @student = Student.new
  end

  def show
    @student = Student.find(params[:id])
  end

  def create
    # covered below
  end

  def update
    if @student.update
      redirect_to student_path(@student)
    else
      render :edit
    end
  end

  def destroy
    Student.find(params[:id]).destroy
    redirect_to student_url
  end
end
```

## What is `create`?
All  methods in Rails search for a `view` template. `def create` in our students_controller.rb
will try to find `create.html.erb`. In order to avoid this and simply redirect a user, we use the `redirect_to` method in rails.
```ruby
#Example
def create
  @student = Student.new
  @student.first_name = params[:first_name]
  @student.last_name = params[:last_name]
  @student.save
  redirect_to student_path(@student)
end
```
In this refactored `create` action, we're following the convention of redirecting to the new resource's `show` page. It stands to reason that a user who submits a new post would then like to view the successfully-created post. *NOTE:* With this method, your `text_field_tag` in your form will need to contain `:first_name` and `:last_name` *INSTEAD OF* `:'student[first_name]'` and `:'student[last_name]'` since the syntax is different.

## What is `destory`?
Rails offers an easy to to handle `destroy` requests. As seen above, the `def destroy` method illustrates what is happening in our controller. Here's a closer look:
```ruby
def destroy
  Student.find(params[:id]).destroy
  redirect_to student_url
end
```

From here, we can now utilize a Rails method known as `button_to` which works a lot like `link_to`. First, this is what `link_to` looks like in a form:
```ruby
<% @people.each do |person| %>
<div class="person">
  <span><%= person.name %></span>
  <%= link_to "Delete", person, method: :delete, data: { confirm: "Really?" } %>
</div>
<% end %>
```

The HTML generated by `link_to` looks like this:

```ruby
<a data-confirm="Really?" rel="nofollow" data-method="delete" href="/people/1">Delete</a>
```

The `data-confirm` attribute and the `data-method` attribute rely on some JavaScript built into Rails.

`data-method` will "submit" a `DELETE` request as if a form had been submitted. It will use `GET` (the default method used by all browsers for HTML links) if the user has JavaScript disabled.

`data-confirm` pops up a confirmation window before the link is followed, allowing the user to make sure they're ready to delete someone forever (what a decision!).

`button_to` is almost the same, but using it looks like this:
```ruby
<%= button_to "Delete Image", image_path(@image), method: :delete %>
```

Rails just thinks `button_to` is a safer tool to use when representing delete requests. 
